fix: update internal certificate documents (#141)
neuvector/docs: versioned_docs/version-5.2/02.deploying/01.production/04.internal/04.internal.md

slug: /deploying/production/internal
---

> :::note
> After Mar. 2025, internal certificate has to be generated/replaced before using NeuVector.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::important
After March 2025, NeuVector versions prior to 5.4.2 and later must generate/replace internal certificates before using NeuVector.
:::
```
